[IDP-1221] Add documentation, improve logging, do some cleanup (#377)
silinternational/idp-id-broker: README.md

If you want to have an indication that those calls are likely to succeed, run 
`$ make callGA`.

> ## Adding groups to SSO `member` attribute from a Google Sheet

Reviewer: Unless this was intentional, maybe it should be the same as below.
```suggestion
## Adding groups to SAML `member` attribute from a Google Sheet
```

6. Create a JSON Key for that Service Account.
7. Share the Google Sheet that you created earlier with the `client_email` value
   in that JSON Key file (as a Viewer, no notification).
8. Set the following environment variables for your ID Broker instance:
   - `EXTERNAL_GROUPS_SYNC_set1AppPrefix`
     - Set this to some prefix starting with "ext-", e.g. `ext-appa`
   - `EXTERNAL_GROUPS_SYNC_set1GoogleSheetId`
     - Set this to the ID of the Google Sheet you created earlier.
   - `EXTERNAL_GROUPS_SYNC_set1JsonAuthString`
     - Use the JSON key you just created here, compacted to a single line by
       something like this command:  
       `cat service-account-key-from-google-abcdef123456.json | jq -c "."`
9. You can also set the following environment variable if you want to send a
   notification email any time the sync runs and encounters errors (such as
   "No user found for email address ..." or "The given group (ext-appb-users)
   does not start with the given prefix (ext-appa)"):
   - `EXTERNAL_GROUPS_SYNC_set1ErrorsEmailRecipient`
     - Set this to a single email address.
10. If you need to sync those custom groups to another IDP...

>     - Ensure that IDP is also running a recent enough version of ID Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Ensure that IDP is also running ID Broker version 6.8.0 or later.
```

Author: Since I mentioned a specific version further up, I didn't want to duplicate that here (e.g. in case we later update the minimum version needed in one place and forget to update it in the other).

    - Share the Google Account with that new JSON Key's `client_email`.
    - Set the above environment variables in that other IDP, using the same
      app-prefix and Google Sheet ID, but the JSON Auth String from the new JSON
      Key that you created.
11. If you need to sync custom groups for _another app_ to your IDP...
    - Create another Google Sheet similarly, but named for that other app, with
      a tab for each of the relevant IDPs.
    - Create another Service Account (and JSON Key) in that existing Google
      Cloud Console Project.
    - Share the Google Account with that JSON Key's `client_email`.
    - Add another set of the above environment variables, but with the next
      number in the lowercased portion
      (e.g. `EXTERNAL_GROUPS_SYNC_set2AppPrefix`), using an app-prefix for that
      other app, the new Google Sheet's ID, and the new JSON Key (as the JSON
      Auth String).

### Rotating external-groups sync credentials

You can easily rotate the credentials for a Service Account by creating a new
JSON Key for it. Then simply update the
`EXTERNAL_GROUPS_SYNC_set(NUMBER)JsonAuthString` environment variable to use the

> contents of that new JSON Key. Since multiple Keys are supported, you can wait

Reviewer: How are multiple keys supported? Do you concatenate the JSON strings together?

> contents of that new JSON Key. Since multiple Keys are supported, you can wait
> to delete the previous Key from that Service Account until you have deployed the
> new credentials, if desired, to avoid service interruption.

Author: ```suggestion
contents of that new JSON Key.

Since you can have multiple Keys on Google Cloud for a given Service Account,
you can create a new Key in the Google Cloud Console, switch from the old one to
the new one here, then remove the old one from the Google Cloud Console. In
other words, you can wait to delete the previous Key from that Service Account
until you have deployed the new credentials, if desired, to avoid service
interruption.
```
